It's fun to like hijack a Mr. Beast
video and turn it into a movie.
>> This looks like if Mr. Beast and
Severance had a baby. What's it like
directing Jimmy?
>> Directing Mr. Beast to be subtle. Like
what? He's the most outlandish guy.
>> Did you guys have any disagreements with
Jimmy on the set?
>> Hey, we're six and we're breaking down
our biggest video ever that we made with
Mr. Beast.
>> We're going to show you all the little
details, the behind the scenes, the VFX
shots,
>> the mistakes. This is one of our bigger
VFX shots. We had to make him look like
he was falling. So, we put him up on
this conveyor belt. If we just shoot
them in front of this gray pillar, we
can change everything else. What did you
guys do to make this look so cinematic?
>> There's a film making technique that
every YouTuber should know about.
>> I like how you guys respect the rules of
YouTube and then break them.
>> This actually isn't Jimmy. That's a
double.
>> Get the camera. Shoot it right now.
>> Shots fired. You're calling out
Hershey's. I think
>> this is the part that Mr. Beast was most
afraid of us pulling off.
[Music]
Make sure you subscribe and ring the
bell because we also have a 2hour
interview coming up with Sticks and I
think it's one of our best interviews
yet. We get into their crazy journey as
YouTubers, how they ended up making
videos with Mark Robber, Ryan Trean, and
now Mr. Beast and so much more. And if
you're already subscribed, then go to
ytackpack.com
to get our free YouTube hackpack with
all our best tips, tools, and templates
to grow on YouTube today. From our intro
and thumbnail templates to our 100 viral
ideas for any niche, we constantly
update our hack pack as we interview
more creators so you have their latest
and greatest for free. All right, now
back to the video. All right, guys. I'm
so excited. What are we about to break
down?
>> So, this is the movie we made for Mr.
Beast's brand new Festival's Chocolate
Milk.
>> Yeah, this is your biggest production
yet.
>> Our biggest production yet. So, let's
jump into the BTS. You can ask us
anything.
>> Amazing. Let's go. This is a $1 billion
chocolate factory. The most expensive
chocolate factory in the world. And I
was invited for an exclusive tour of the
inside of it. So, as a peace offering, I
brought an unreleased piece to product.
Let's go check it out.
>> Jimmy, how do we get in? I thought you
talked to a guy.
>> I did talk to a guy. Door's not opening.
>> Let me in.
>> Bang on the bang on the door.
>> I did.
>> Okay, so this actually doesn't look like
a movie just yet. We wanted to start
this out looking identical to a Mr.
Beast video.
>> And if we did our job right, then you
would have been tricked by the Mr. Beast
2 channel. you clicked on for a1 billion
dollar chocolate factory tour and it
turned into this epic movie.
>> Yeah. I like how you guys respect the
rules of YouTube but then break them um
like you did with Ryan Trey's Joy Ride
movie.
>> Yeah. I mean
>> like starting out in his room but it's
really a set.
>> Yeah, exactly.
>> It's fun to like hijack a Mr. Beastman
video and turn it into a movie.
>> Hello.
>> Is anyone here?
Uh, the first thing to notice is this
actually isn't Jimmy. That's a a double
that we searched really hard.
>> We've gotten pretty good at getting
double gangers for creators.
>> So, we found this guy who's 6'5 and
>> and looks like Jimmy from behind.
>> Got it.
>> We actually got a haircut from Jimmy's
barber to make sure he looks exactly
like Jimmy. Wow.
>> Jimmy's so spread thin along like across
so many shoots. So, we didn't have much
of Jimmy's time to work with, so we
thought this would be a great way to
maximize the shoot.
>> And just so people know, like now we're
like switching to look at a
behind-the-scenes shot that that you
guys are sharing with us, like not many
people have seen. So, this is not Jimmy
here. What did you guys replace this
tennis ball with again?
>> It helps create a 3D space so you can
recreate the room and it looks like the
dimensions are accurate.
>> Huh. It starts out here as a perspective
trick
>> and then as we zoom out, you see that it
was all just a scam, an illusion. Wow.
>> Now you're realizing real time with
Jimmy. This is
>> This place is fake.
>> What?
>> What is going on here?
>> Okay, so we put the blue screen just so
we see Jimmy alone.
>> Yeah,
>> but we had to make him look like he was
falling. So we put him up on this
conveyor belt
>> and had him like flailing his hands. We
also had someone in the background like
flapping his shirt and his hair so it
looks like the wind. We did a dolly pull
out.
>> So the camera's on on a rails and we
dollied out so it looks like he's
falling away from camera.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah.
>> So hopefully with all these effects
it'll look like he's actually falling
through a trap door.
>> Very cool.
>> That's That's not Jimmy.
>> Yeah.
>> Which is crazy. Looks like
>> Yeah. And he deliberately kind of shows
>> he said if you're going to look anyway
look away from the camera.
>> Jimmy's getting up. Okay. Now it's
Jimmy.
>> That's the real Jimmy.
>> Wait, so tell me about this set because
this looks like if like Mr. Beast and
Severance had a baby.
>> This would be this video like like what
is going on here? It looks very bland
and and small. Tell me about how you
designed this.
>> This was the perfect room. It was a tiny
cube in one of Jimmy's studios. And so
we painted the walls. It used to be
green. We got new carpet and we brought
in these specific chairs to give you
this very weird feeling like he's in
some spooky waiting room and he has no
clue where he is. So I think it gives
you like that very
>> off-kilter feel.
>> Yeah.
Now, this looks like a crazy setup or a
crazy room, but really this is like two
flat walls
>> with pipes built into them.
>> And it's not actually a whole pipe room.
>> So, we just shot it from this profile
angle. We built these pipe walls that
could kind of shift into any
configuration we wanted. So, we can
create any set that we need.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> So, that helped. Like this scene, for
example, we can just put these pipe
walls behind him and create like this
hallway without having to Yeah, it made
it very versatile. So like we could
create different spaces with within this
one room.
>> Oh, these are just like sections that
you can move around.
>> Yeah, they're on wheels.
>> On wheels. Oh, wow. So anytime you need
to show the warehouse
>> Yeah.
>> you had a background.
>> Exactly.
>> Cool.
>> Scanning.
>> Access denied.
>> Wait, you're calling out Hershey's? Oh,
we didn't say that.
>> I said it. Not not them. But I think
that
>> um
>> it's representative of big chocolate,
the big chocolate industry.
>> But um yes. So Jimmy sees this chocolate
and what do you think Mr. Beast would
do? Would he eat chocolate?
>> Oh, he's seen it.
>> Or he eat the feastables?
>> Feastables.
>> Exactly. Every day of the week.
>> That was a fun shot. Like tilting down,
tilting back up.
>> Uniform detected. Open mouth.
>> What?
>> Chocolate consumed. Access granted.
>> Uh, I mean, this is just a crazy
production. How much did this cost to
make?
>> This is like a 200k production.
>> Wow.
>> So, a lot of resources went to making
this look so good on camera. Yeah.
>> And we wanted to make sure it felt like
that as well.
>> Yeah. Like everything was a set you guys
created from scratch.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes. help from the beast team.
>> Yeah, we actually got to work with the
beast team.
>> So, they Jimmy gave us his awesome
builders and then we designed it all and
it was like a fun collaboration with
them building it all.
>> It's crazy how fast they work and like
how how much they're able to help with
like these last minute builds.
>> Yeah.
>> And how long did it take? Like I saw you
guys put together story boards for a lot
of the scenes like script. Like how long
did it take to put together? It was
probably like a few weeks of planning
and scripting and then within like two
weeks we went from like uh nothing to
the whole set built
>> and then we're on set shoot.
>> So about a month total.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh hello.
>> Can you spot the cameo from the Sticks
Boys?
>> Oh,
>> is that you guys?
>> We were like we were thinking this shot
looks a bit empty. It needs something in
the middle. So we we put on the costumes
ourselves and got into place and like
get our own cameo. That's perfect.
>> That's actually interesting. How much
stuff changes from your storyboards and
your script to the actual production
like like little stuff like that? Is
that is that out of the ordinary or you
guys are very by the book?
>> We're pretty like locked in on what the
vision is. So like we try and stick to
the vision like the story boards and the
script.
>> But it's always fun like this. Like
maybe like 20% of the time we like you
know get spontaneous and put something
into the shot. come up with a brand new
shot.
>> But we've we've found that when we don't
come prepared with a shot list, like
from from the beginning of the script to
the end,
>> it can get so messy on on set. There's
so many moving pieces and details we
need to nail.
>> Yeah. And we'll show some of your story
boards. I I was really impressed just
seeing them before and now seeing the
after. It's
>> I mean, Lucas draws all of them. He was
It's pretty impressive.
>> That's incredible.
>> Uh I was told by some guy I'd be getting
a tour.
[Music]
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa,
whoa.
Hey. All right. Uh, excuse me. Hey, I
need Hey, I need my briefcase. Let go of
me.
Why would you even need that?
[Music]
>> Oh, got it. Oh, no.
>> There's no other way in. Jimmy's toast.
>> Uh, should we go get help? We're not
doing anything until we get further
instruction from Jimmy.
>> Oh, how loyal. I see what you're trying
to do.
>> What?
>> You're hoping Jimmy's dead.
>> What a horrible thing to say.
>> Oh, he's definitely dead.
>> Why would I be hoping that?
>> I mean, we're all thinking the same
thing. The question is, how do we settle
this like responsible adults?
>> Settle what?
>> Who gets Jimmy's channel?
>> Oh,
that's good.
>> I mean, we could one v one for it.
>> Just don't tell Carlo.
>> So, um, this massive chocolate factory
we actually shot in front of another
building. Wait, can we like Let's put
that on screen.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, yeah. So, wow. This looks very
different.
>> Yes. This is not a chocolate factory.
>> Yeah. But we thought if we just shoot
them in front of this gray pillar, we
can change everything else pretty easy.
>> Got it. Wow. Movie magic.
>> Yeah.
>> Yep.
>> And the boys The boys did really good,
too.
>> Yeah.
>> Their acting was
>> They always bring good levity to it.
>> Yeah.
>> The CEO would like to have a word.
>> All right. Chill. Chill. Chill. Okay.
All right. What?
>> Hello, Mr. Donaldson.
We hope you enjoyed your complimentary
chocolate on arrival. Uh,
>> are you the guy that I spoke to?
>> Yes, I'm the guy. Oh,
>> I I think there's a misunderstanding. I
was supposed to be, you know, getting a
tour.
>> There is no misunderstanding, Jimmy. We
are well aware of what you've been
doing. You've become in recent years
quite the chocolier.
But the truth is, you have a lot to
learn. Our company has been in the
chocolate business for nearly 200 years.
We have certain standards, certain
>> Wow. Shots fired. Like, if it wasn't
clear who is like big chocolate and
who's the big bad in this commercial,
it's becoming obvious.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> Was this part of the set design to make
them feel archaic.
>> Yes.
>> Yes. Yeah. We wanted to have like a
speaker that felt like it was stuck in
the past
>> that didn't have a real face to it.
>> So, we thought of this like gramophone
type horn
>> as the CEO. Very severance inspired as
well. Yeah.
>> If you want to make chocolate, Jimmy,
I'd advise you get back in line and stop
messing with the way it's always been.
>> I didn't mean to disrupt the work line.
>> Oh, Jimmy, I'm not talking about the
work line. Have a lovely day.
>> This is when we got shocked like, oh my
gosh, he got he could actually do some
acting.
>> Yeah. Yeah. I mean, that was a really
good take from Jimmy. I'm wondering like
were these all the first takes? Did you
have to give him some coaching? Like
like do you have like an earlier take?
>> Yeah, we can show you the first take.
Oh, really? Okay.
>> I think there's been a misunderstanding.
I was supposed to be getting a tour.
>> Oh, I I think there's a
misunderstanding. I was supposed to be,
you know, getting a tour.
>> So, yeah. How did you get him from that
to what we saw in the final?
>> So, the biggest difference, especially
coming from YouTube and being Jimmy, is
he needs to be loud and big and very
expressionate.
>> In film,
>> it's actually more powerful if you like
tone it down
>> more subtle. And so then when he did it
again, it just looks so real, like he
was actually in the situation.
>> I think what helped was we told him like
the lines are there as like a guide, but
if it feels more natural to like phrase
something a different way, go for it.
>> And so we gave him that liberty to like
speak how he would speak and that helped
him get into the character a bit more.
>> That's such a good note. Yeah. I find
there's like different performances, one
to YouTube, two to film, which is very
subtle. And then even like looking at
Broadway or theater performers, it's
much it's even bigger than YouTube. So
>> But it's so funny like like directing
Mr. the beast to be subtle like what
like he's the most outlandish guy you
know so
>> yeah but he did it really well
>> yeah I mean to like give notes to the
biggest creator in the world was that
intimidating
>> a little
>> in theory in theory was very
intimidating thinking about directing
him was just
>> yeah leading up leading up to it like I
can't believe we're going to direct
Jimmy but then on set it was actually
pretty good
>> this was actually the first scene we
shot with Jimmy in chronological order
so this once we got this in the can we
were like oh we got this he's going to
he's going to crush this
>> oh interesting Yeah, you you had guys
had a shot list that was out of order.
>> Yes. 100%. Completely out of order.
>> Yeah. Just to maximize your time there.
Wow.
>> So pressure was on. So you got this and
then you're like we're off to the races.
That's right.
>> Were there any moments of tension? Like
did you guys have any disagreements with
Jimmy on set?
>> He's not used to like cinematic
lighting.
>> So like he's looking at the shots with
us and like kind of confused why we're
lighting in a certain way. It's like
where's the key light? It's like we like
we need this look cinematic. J needs to
like be back lit so that you know.
>> One time he was like why is there so
many different colors on my face? like
>> color contrast.
>> It's It's important.
>> Cinema.
>> Yeah, cinema. We'll get right back to
the breakdown, but first I've got to say
a huge thank you to the entire Festivals
team for sending us some of their first
bottles of their Festival's chocolate
milk and for sponsoring this video. I've
actually been drinking them while we've
been editing this video. And I love that
it's GradeA whole milk, real dairy,
packed with 13 grams of protein, and a
good source of calcium, potassium, and
vitamins's A and D. But here's the thing
that I love most. It's all made with
fair trade cocoa. It's something that
Jimmy has been talking about for a
while. So, it's cool to see him and the
team pull off a product that's ethically
sourced that farmers get paid a living
income reference price and it supports
their mission to end child labor in the
chocolate industry. So, go out and
support and grab Festival's chocolate
milk right now at Walmart, 7-Eleven,
Speedway locations nationwide. Just look
for the single bottles or the six-pack.
Again, huge thank you to Jimmy and the
Festivals team for supporting this
video. And now, let's get back to the
breakdown.
[Music]
It's so funny watching your stuff
because here I'm seeing the product and
I'm reminded it's a commercial but
everything else about this feels like a
movie. Like was there extra pressure on
this shot to get it right?
>> Well, really? Yeah. This is the first
time anyone in the world is seeing this
product. M.
>> So, it took a lot longer than it looks.
>> We wanted to feel like the bottle was
glowing.
>> Yeah. The lighting, the positioning of
the hand, making sure you could see the
bottle at a good angle.
>> Yeah.
>> All super important.
>> Wow.
>> John, that's our favorite shot from the
film.
>> I love it. Yeah, you guys. I feel like
that's kind of a signature, the parallax
that you guys do.
>> I mean, also severance inspired. They
stole it from Jaws.
>> There's nothing new under the sun. Yeah,
but recreating it for YouTube is it's
super interesting.
>> Yeah, definitely.
>> Who are you? Shh. I'm going to get you
out of here. Why are you helping me?
>> Oh, my briefcase. Thank you.
>> These are more of the walls.
>> Yeah. How cool is the set?
>> That's awesome. So, we just wheeled
those in, positioned the pipes how he
liked it, and some haze, and it looks
like a whole
>> Like, this is this is a bare place that
he uses for a lot of his YouTube vision.
You've turned in this is like cinematic
like hallway. Wow.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> I tried your chocolate milk.
>> Yeah. Was it good?
>> What's going on? I remembered something.
My dad was a truck driver. In the
summer, I'd ride along on his work route
with him. This factory was one of his
stops. He'd load all of the chocolate
ingredients through this door right
here. And keys
always left right here.
>> And you only remember this now?
>> I don't think I'm the only worker with
memory problems.
Come on, let's get out of here.
>> But what about them?
We can't leave them behind. Is there any
way I can make a call?
Surely there's a phone somewhere in
here.
We need a distraction.
>> Everybody, this is a mystery briefcase.
>> That's not Jimmy.
>> This is not. This is again a back of the
head shot. Yeah,
>> that's amazing. And
>> inside this briefcase could be a
$100,000.
The keys to a Lamborghini or a beverage
that gives you back all your childhood
memories. And whoever takes their hand
off of it last keeps what's inside.
Good luck.
>> These are interesting little nods to
obviously who Jimmy is in his channel.
Yeah.
>> Like in fact, he seems most natural
here.
>> This is where he just got up and he did
his thing.
>> Yeah.
>> He definitely improved some lines here
as well, but it just made sense to like
let Mr. Beast be Mr. Beast as a
character as well and not like try and
make him someone else that he's not.
>> What is all this commotion? Who is
responsible for this?
This looks like a nod to Beast Games.
>> Yeah, it's actually the redact. That's
one of the red ferns from Beast Games.
>> Imagine the red telephone was in a movie
and you could call and ask for whatever
you wanted and like we're turning that
into like a a plot point here. There's a
film making technique that every
YouTuber should know about. It's called
Sheekchov's gun.
>> Yeah. So, that's like in a movie, if you
set something up, you need to pay it
off. So, for example, if you do a
closeup of a gun on a wall early in the
movie, then that better be the gun that
kills the bad guy at the end.
>> Huh.
>> So, in the CEO scene at the beginning,
you can see the red telephone in the
background,
>> but you didn't realize it's going to be
a key player at the end of the film.
>> Oh, interesting.
>> Yeah. So, that was something we're
thinking about like every every single
part of the story should be there for a
reason. And the more you lean into that,
even as a YouTuber,
>> um, I think the audience will really
feel the intention behind every single
frame.
>> Yeah. And maybe get a double watch,
>> you know, go back.
>> I got to double check it. It's true.
>> Winner keeps the channel.
>> Why does this look so much better than
when you see it like filmed for YouTube?
Like like it just there's something
about I can't Is there like a haze in
the sky? Like what did you guys do to
make this look so cinematic? The first
thing is haze because then that makes
the light kind of travel, but it's also
the direction we're shooting. We make
sure it's like back lit and then we have
our own lights accentuating that um so
that it feels like quite cinematic when
it's got back light.
>> And you can see what the haze is doing
to the light here where it just kind of
like
>> fades the highlights into the rest of
the scene a little bit more. And then on
top of that, I guess the camera and
lenses we're using also give us that
effect.
>> What did you guys shoot with?
>> For this we shot with an RE Mini.
>> Oh wow. And we had anamorphic lenses.
>> So that's really the thing that makes it
look like a movie.
>> How much do those cameras cost?
>> They could be like around 40k or plus.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah. With all of the lenses and
everything. It's a expensive kit.
>> Yeah.
>> Um hello guys. I need you to do exactly
what I say. Okay.
>> Wait. Who is this?
>> Friendly Jimmy.
>> Can you prove that?
>> Is this Nolan?
>> Jimmy told me to say hi to your mom.
>> Okay.
What do you need us to do?
>> Who's going to win? Oh, you're out.
Nope. You took your head off. Get out of
here.
>> Everybody, please settle down and return
to your station.
>> This guy just discovered that Jimmy
never had
>> That's right.
>> the old chocolate brand.
>> Um, these are some interesting like
actors like you picked like do you like
what's the casting process like for a
Sticks commercial?
We on this one we had someone dedicated
to casting. Oh wow. So they were finding
a bunch of actors and extras and they
would show us different options and we
would pick based on like their show reel
and then we'd ask them to do an
audition.
>> So it was quite a bit of a process cuz
we wanted to make sure we had like the
perfect people for each role.
>> Oh, you took your head off your
>> Oh, it looks like somebody didn't finish
their chocolate. Sound the alarm.
Oh god. Okay,
>> I guess Jimmy's still alive.
>> Yeah, we'll put circle back on who gets
the channel.
>> Then we have this private jet that we
were able to swing for this shoot and
just up the production value by so much.
>> This is an actual private jet.
>> So, it looks like they're flying here,
but but can I see a BTS of this shot?
Like,
>> obviously, we didn't rig a camera to a
flying plane.
>> Maybe next time.
>> But they're on the ground and we have
this blue screen behind them to make
sure we can mask in the sky.
>> Oh, yeah. Look at that.
>> Yeah. So, we just needed to mask around
the middle window and then the rest gets
cut off by the VFX artist.
>> They add some clouds and some sound
effects and they get out like they
remove the camera and the reflection.
>> Yeah. And all of this is gone obviously.
That's right.
>> Yeah.
>> Resistance is futile. Jimmy, you might
as well just stop fighting and we can
all get back to work.
>> I I'm not eating the chocolate. Look at
that scene.
>> This is one of my favorite shots.
>> This is the nicest composition.
>> Yeah.
>> Also, this is one of those scenes where
Jimmy just we let him loose and he just
improvised.
>> Yeah.
>> And he he
>> spat on the
>> So, let's just watch it.
>> No. Get that away from me.
>> Eat it.
>> Like him spitting him spitting on the
hand. Just improvised.
>> Completely improvised. That was not in
the script, but it was hilarious.
>> Yeah. The fact that we put Jimmy in this
situation where he's being forcefed this
other chocolate tied up. I mean, it's
just stunning. Like the the the the
people all around, the angle of the
camera, the lights, and then the rope
here. I mean, I I mean,
>> awesome.
>> I don't want it. I'm not eating it.
Stop. No.
>> Drop the load.
>> I can't see the target.
>> Chandler, we're running out of time.
Drop the load.
>> Hold.
>> Eat the chocolate.
>> Eat.
>> Eat it, Mr. Donaldson. Eat the
chocolate, Jimmy. Now.
This was the part that Mr. Beast was
most afraid of us pulling off. He said
when we showed him the pitch deck, we he
was like, "I don't know how you're going
to get a crate to fall through the roof,
but I trust you guys." And so we built
this real crate here and loaded it with
Feastable's chocolate milk as
>> I was like there's like 500 bowls that
they gave us.
>> Wow.
>> And this is the hero of the movie.
Really? And so,
>> so you built Wait, so we're looking at
this is real.
>> This is real. That's not
>> VF. This is real.
>> That's a real wall behind. We've added a
few more bottles, but most of those
bottles falling are practical.
>> Wow.
>> And then we added some rubble around the
sides to make it really to sell that it
fell through the roof. The lighting
changed
>> and the CEO's right there
>> squished.
>> Oh, yeah. Wow. Look at that. Yeah.
>> But everything before was VFX.
>> Yes. So falling from the plane Yeah.
>> through the building. Both those shots
were VFX. H how much those VFX shots
cost? Like are you working with
traditional Hollywood folks? Like like
how are you making that happen?
>> We are working with like artists that
are similar to us like who are doing
really cool things with like film and
YouTube and and they're just really
talented at VFX.
>> And it's crazy what you can pull off
with like not much resources.
>> Yeah.
>> On this kind of thing like in today's
day and age.
>> If you had to give a pie chart like what
percent of your budget goes to VFX?
Rough.
>> Yeah. I would say like 20%.
>> Yeah.
>> Wow. And what about set design?
>> That's probably more like 40 to 50.
>> Wow.
>> Yeah, that's the most expensive.
>> What are the other big costs?
>> Um
>> the crew, like just paying for all the
crew to be there on four days.
>> How many people?
>> We had around 12 crew and then 30
extras.
>> Wow. Huge production.
>> Yeah.
>> Oh my god.
Is there ever tension between you and
the brand about how much you show the
product?
>> We uh
>> because now it's getting pretty heavy
product placement which is obviously
important to you know the brand. They're
hiring you for a reason. They want to
get this new product line out there. But
as storytellers, filmmakers, like how do
you walk that line?
>> Yeah, this was the festivals didn't ask
us to do anything.
>> So this was just purely us. We knew that
we'd make a better commercial for them
if we baked it into the story that the
festival's bottle is the hero
>> then it's
>> and then we aren't trying to like oh I
don't want to I don't want to add it in
artificially.
>> Yeah.
>> And then
>> the tension gets less like we actually
wanted to see them drinking
>> it. Like you can't remove you can't have
this story without the festivals bottle
cuz it's
>> so built into the story. it. I think
like product placement feels really
cheap and cheesy when it's just so
unneeded and if you take it out, the
story still makes sense. Yeah. But when
it's this baked into the story, we're so
excited to show the product because it's
part of the story that we wrote.
>> Yeah. Basically the opposite of that
Pepsi and Kendall Jennerad.
>> Oh,
[Music]
>> all right. Co smash. Did you only have
one shot to smash?
>> Yes. Let's see cuz like it'd be hard to
find that somewhere else, right?
>> We did that at the very end of the
shoot.
>> Got it.
>> You're free. Congrats. Now, obviously,
even though this is a movie, also this
shot is a big V effect shot, too. I'll
show you before and after. So,
>> they weren't actually on a rooftop.
>> They weren't actually on a rooftop.
>> Surprise. Okay.
>> This is like a little 8 by8 platform
that they were climbing through a hole
and then we've redone all of everything
around it.
>> So, that hole is actually just a
semicircle. We made a set extension to
make it look like a bigger hole behind
them.
>> Loaded with protein and vitamins and
honestly tastes better than any
chocolate milk I had as a kid. But you
might have noticed the workers in the
movie lost all their childhood memories.
Sadly, that's not just a movie plot.
Today, 45% of children living in cacao
growing households in West Africa are
involved in illegal child labor, meaning
they're not growing up with the
childhood memories they deserve.
>> Yeah. I love how you bring it back to
like basically a call to action. Yeah.
Right. At the end, you did that with
Ryan Traan and Joy Ride. take me through
how you thought about wrapping this up.
>> Yeah,
>> obviously this is promoting a product,
but when you see how much effort was put
into the movie side of it, you're you're
way more willing to sit through the call
to action and go buy the product when
you you feel the effort that the creator
went through to make it happen.
>> A couple things we did to keep retention
is the story isn't over yet until you
get to the end of the call to action.
>> So, you want to see the workers escape.
So, Jimmy's helping them escape while
he's giving the call to action. And then
at the end, our second main character,
Jeff, comes out and tries the drink. And
then we end.
>> It's like a dual story until the end.
>> Yeah, that's right.
>> Any other Easter eggs or stories from
shooting? Like
>> I mean, in many ways, it's like a try
out for your Mr. Beast movie. Hopefully
we coming out soon. Like any other
stories from like what seems like one of
the most expensive productions that you
guys have ever done and and it's one of
the most expensive shoots for a
commercial for a YouTuber ever. Mhm.
>> Yeah.
>> I think just the biggest thing for us
was how busy Jimmy is. Like at the the
scale he's working at, he was doing four
other videos the same week and we had
him for only like a couple hours a day.
>> So there was one time on set where
>> he he had to leave in 15 minutes and we
had like
>> like 20 more shots to do.
>> So we were just scrambling. Wow.
>> But we got it all done. And
>> Jimmy was super helpful to make sure we
got it all done as well.
>> Yeah,
>> he always is. Yeah. But I think coming
prepared is something that we're just
like we have to do that every time
because if we're not prepared on set,
especially with people like Jimmy, um
you're wasting that time. Yeah.
>> So like we had to come prepared with the
shot list, the storyboard, um the whole
schedule and
>> all the lights set up, the prop set up.
>> Yeah. And as creators, we really need to
know our story back to front so that
we're not wasting anyone's time.
>> Especially when you're shooting it out
of order. That's right. Chronologically,
like like you're trying to meet his
schedule, not the story line. Yeah.
>> Until you get in that.
>> Yeah. Cool. Well, thank you guys for
breaking it down and uh yeah, this is
amazing to see and I know this is just
the beginning and there's bigger stuff
coming